DOC: document actions (#16)
pyansys/actions: doc/source/doc-actions/index.rst

Documentation actions
=====================

> The documentation actions allow for building and deploying the documentation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action builds and deploys the documentation of
```

a PyAnsys project.

> For using these actions, a project must use `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_
> as documentation parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these actions, a project must use `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_
as documentation parser.
```

Doc build action
----------------
This action builds the documentation of a PyAnsys project using the
`sphinx-build <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/man/sphinx-build.html>`_
command. 

> Uses ``HTML``, ``PDF`` and ``JSON`` builders for generating the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses ``HTML``, ``PDF``, and ``JSON`` builders to generate the following
```

Author: Sorry for missing that Oxford comma.

artifacts:

> * ``documentation-html``: web-based documentation to be displayed in ``gh-pages``.
> * ``documentation-pdf``: file-based documentation to be used in off-line tasks.
> * ``documetation-json``: documentation to be consumed by Ansys developer's portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``documentation-html``: Web-based documentation to display in ``gh-pages``.
* ``documentation-pdf``: File-based documentation to use in offline tasks.
* ``documetation-json``: Documentation that is to be consumed by the Ansys developer's portal.
```

.. jinja:: doc-build

    {{ inputs_table }}

> Code sample for using this action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a code sample for using this action:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    doc-build:
      name: "Building documentation"
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-style
      steps:
        - name: "Run Ansys documentation building action"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-build@main

Doc deploy dev action
---------------------

> This action deploys de ``HTML`` documentation into ``gh-pages`` branch. It is
> expected to be used after the :ref:`Doc build action`, since it looks for an
> artifact named ``documentation-html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action deploys ``HTML`` documentation into the ``gh-pages`` branch. It is
expected to be used after the :ref:`Doc build action` because it looks for an
artifact named ``documentation-html``.
```

.. jinja:: doc-deploy-dev

    {{ inputs_table }}

> Code sample for using this action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a code sample for using this action:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    doc-deploy-dev:
      name: "Deploy developers documentation"
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-build
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy the latest documentation"
          if: github.event_name == 'push'
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-dev@main
          with:
              cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
              token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Doc deploy stable action
------------------------

> This action deploys de ``HTML`` documentation into the ``release/`` directory of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action deploys ``HTML`` documentation into the ``release/`` directory of
```

the ``gh-pages`` branch. It is expected to be used after the :ref:`Doc build

> action`, since it looks for an artifact named ``documentation-html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action` because it looks for an artifact named ``documentation-html``.
```

The logic behind this action is smart enough to identify the major and minor
versions of your stable documentation and generate a new folder named

> ``<MAJOR>.<MINOR>``. If this directory already exists, its content is override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``<MAJOR>.<MINOR>``. If this directory already exists, its content is overridden.
```

> The ``release/`` directory is expected to contain a JSON file for versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``release/`` directory is expected to contain a JSON file for version
```

> mapping, as specified in `version switcher dropdown section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mapping, as specified in `Version switcher dropdowns
```
Google style guide says to match the heading for the linked topic.

<https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user_guide/version-dropdown.html#version-switcher-dropdowns>`_

> of the `PyData Sphinx Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `PyData Theme
```

> <https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html>`_ for Sphinx output.
```

In addition, the ``conf.py`` file is expected to contain the following keys and

> values inside the ``html_theme_options``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values inside the ``html_theme_options`` element:
```
Goggle style says a noun has to follow a literal tagging so that a reader understands what it is or belongs to.

Author: Understood, will apply from now on. I really need to read Google style guide in more detail.

.. code-block:: python

    html_theme_options = {
        "switcher": {
            "json_url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/<owner>/<repository>/gh-pages/release/version_mapper.json",
            "version_match": "dev" if version.endswith("dev0") else version,
        },
        ...
    }

> All previous logic allows to user from multi-version documentation history in
> a PyAnsys project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All previous logic supports multi-version documentation history in
a PyAnsys project.
```
I'm guessing her what you meant.

.. jinja:: doc-deploy-stable

    {{ inputs_table }}

> Code sample for using this action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a code sample for using this action:
```
